hello everyone welcome back to a brand
new redson tutorial we're doing a really
cool fireplace and you can toggle on and
off that's it
isn't that exciting no I'm kidding
so we have just a normal looking
fireplace I mean most people would just
look at this and think oh cool fire
charges maybe it's just to relight the
thing so yes this does use fire charges
not flint and steel cuz fit and steel
would just pop out of the dispensers on
xbox ps3 anyways so now as you can see
we have our little levers here you
should they don't really do anything
unless you put both with the same time
then you get this yeah that's right
really fast
very easy compact minecraft secret
entrance a fireplace tutorial so this is
a circuit behind it that's these walks
are extra whoops so this is the
circuitry behind it that's like nothing
actually this is pretty good compared to
other people's and it's I don't know
it's not as cool as this cuz there's
like opens up and this is fancy jibba
jabba and stuff but I think this is
pretty cool I mean you know it does a
trick I mean you can kind of build it on
survival if you have you know infinite
blaze powder gunpowder and that's that
kind of stuff so we're gonna just kind
of go so we're gonna so now for our
resources you're going to need a block
of your choice that has a corresponding
stair and slab the slides are required
but you're going to want some kind of
stair so for example we could do you
don't want to do wood because that would
just be stupid
let's do wood so what role just do
cobblestone for this for this tutorial
so we're just gonna grab some
cobblestone now you're going to want to
grab redstone you're like redstone
tutorial here they're gonna wanna grab
oh by the way it's 10 by the way there's
10 sticky pistons total to redstone
torches a lot of repeaters no there's
only one two these are additional in
case you want the leverage to be right
there
so two three four four Peters one two
three four five six seven eight nine ten
ten redstone so that's those are kind of
and also two dispensers some stairs and
yeah okay so now we're going to need to
grab some your just your Spencer's and
what else are you missing I feel like
we're missing oh yeah blue rolled and I
think I believe it's it all right so now
we're just gonna want to go and you know
build a couple blocks high like this and
grab some cobblestone and you're going
to make your fireplace at least four
wide maybe even six if you just you know
like this here so now we have this here
we're going to go we're gonna grab our
stairs and we're gonna have them facing
this way
and we're gonna have to we're gonna grab
other stairs and have them facing like
this so that way you get this little
cool curve and I'm we're gonna grab this
or we're all straining another a
currently where is our netherrack at our
fancy fancying it there we are at Arak
so we have this part here you're gonna
want to go and grab I would choose
another brick fence or fence if you want
them to burn you know it doesn't really
matter you don't even have to have this
part I just think it looks kind of cool
so we're just gonna waltz over that part
so where'd you put another brick there
now your wall goes right here
your dispensers go here like this and
then we have our wall or awesome Walt so
now with our stairs we're gonna want to
break the block underneath it we're
gonna come back just really quickly
destroy those stairs put Pistons sticky
pistons right here then replace it and
put the stairs back on there and now
we're the sticky pistons are you just
going to place two stairs and break this
here and then you're going to want to go
and just kind of place a quick little
block block so now I just gonna want to
go grab two Pistons like this very very
simple I think these are all the pistons
you'll nope you're gonna need two more
later on so now you're just want to go
and cover this area
in blue wool and then you want to grab
your main block actually right here
because if you did it right there you
would see the blue wool on the inside
and not only that but right there so now
you're just going to go and do the
following pattern so you want to place
redstone like this then redstone here
and then redstone repeaters like this
and then two repeaters here again this
part is optional you're going to place
redstone curving in like this now you're
going to want to do is you don't place a
piston either here or here um it doesn't
matter it depends on how you want to
build it I've informed to be right here
because I think it looks a little bit
better so they're gonna place a piston
there with a blue block two blocks
underneath with a torch on top then
you're going to want to go in your LAN
grab a block there redstone another
block here with a repeater block and
like a whole bunch of keys outside like
that so now we have our like little
triangle design thing or what I'm gonna
call it we need to do that again on the
other side so we're gonna do block block
block then we're gonna need to do I
think it's like block and then block and
then block and then we're gonna need to
do block and then block block block and
then break break block block
redstone repeater repeater or like
redstone dust redstone repeater redstone
and now we just need to go and put fire
charges in these I already have some my
inventory switch gonna copy and paste it
like that and now we're going to go and
we're gonna grab our handy-dandy lever
out of our handy-dandy inventory of
infiniteness and pull it and now when we
go to the other side you'll see that
it's complete so you can deck out your
fireplace however you want to do like
little pip my fireplace session or
whatever so we're gonna go and go into
decoration blocks here just grab some
another brick fences and just gonna do
that there then we're not gonna grab
some backwards stairs and do
this here we go there's our little
whoops that's not how I wanted to do it
yeah there we go so now we have our
really really cool folding fireplace and
of course if you really wanted to you
could put your levers your activation
switches right there so that's what so
to be honest actually these repeaters
here are only for these two so this
creates like a mini and gates so the
fire charges are kind of acquired it
depends if you want a message the
timings for a couple hours and figure it
out so kind of you know all right I hope
you guys enjoyed this please leave a
like rating or even subscribe